(theme music)
SHINPEI: What's your name?
Kofune Mioh.
When were you born? And how'd it happen?
Yesterday. Mother scanned Mioh
when she was attending the wake.
MIOH: And later that night...
(static)
...I came into the world.
I was born in the cave.
When you say "Mother,"
you mean Heine in Shiori's body, right?
MIOH: Mm-hm.
Was it you that cut the brakes
on Mio's bicycle?
Mm-hm.
Were you trying to take my life?
MIOH: No, not exactly.
I just thought it'd be more convenient
if you were in the hospital.
So your plan was to kill her there
and take her place right after?
That's right. You know, Dr. Hishigata
is on the shadows' side.
SHINPEI: Did Heine make you do that?
No, she didn't. The truth is,
it was all me, but I failed.
I had no idea it happened that way.
That she made Mio's shadow.
Don't worry, Tokiko.
I really don't even remember
why I wanted to kill her to begin with.
So Heine created you for one reason
in particular, to find Ushio's shadow.
She is a traitor after all.
Right, anyway. I can't copy people.
What about you? Can you?
Well, there's two types of copying.
There's taking the form
of the person we copy,
and there's giving birth,
actually creating a new shadow.
Giving birth?
MIOH: When we're children,
we have the ability
to give birth to one new shadow.
As a child?
MIOH: Heine can do it
as much as she wants,
but it's not as easy for her
now that she's this weak.
Shadows that are grandchildren
can't give birth at all,
but any shadow
can transform when it wants to.
Also, no matter which type we are,
we only have a maximum
of seven days to erase the original,
or we turn to mud and disappear.
So I only have six days left to live,
it doesn't really matter to me, though.
And that's all I know.
I'm sorry, Shin-chan.
I guess I don't have much you can use.
SHINPEI: Oh, no, that's...
You... You don't...
You don't need to apologize!
Sou. That's a shadow, you know.
Huh? Uh, yeah, but I...
MIO AND MIOH: Hey, Sou?
Ah, damn it! This is so confusing.
We know Heine has to consume
quite a lot people to be revived,
so she's giving birth to build an army.
My dad and I did our best,
we did everything,
we really tried to revive Heine for Mom.
And we thought that was why
she needed the meals.
TOKIKO: Little did we know,
they had other plans all along.
And you're saying he knew about it?
The whole time?
SOU: Unbelievable. He doesn't give a crap
if we all end up dead.
TOKIKO: My father.
SHINPEI: I know it's difficult to take in,
but Doctor Hishigata probably knows
what Heine really wants.
Here's the thing, I'm meeting him tonight
at ten o'clock.
Then, we know where we're headed next.
SHINPEI: Hishigata Clinic.
(mosquitos buzzing)
Ugh, that really itches!
There are so many mosquitos here!
Please protect Mio.
(gasps)
MIOH: Is that an order?
I don't really know. Um, I guess it is?
Shin-chan, are you afraid of me?
You're so far away.
Well, I'd be lying
if I said I wasn't at all.
SHINPEI: You've killed me
a whole bunch of times.
That's true,
but that was in another world.
I haven't really killed anyone yet.
(exhales nervously)
Look, can I ask you something?
Uh, sure thing.
-You have a girlfriend in Tokyo?
-(yelps)
-Girlfriend?
-MIO: Girlfriend?
Wait, wait, why are you asking him that?
Sometimes he talks
with a distinct Tokyo accent.
It's weird.
-Hm...
-I don't have a girlfriend.
People in Tokyo
don't understand our accent.
You know I gotta blend in
with the locals, right?
(sighs)
Well, I was just giving you a hard time.
MIOH: But haven't you ever wondered
why I don't call you
my brother, Shin-chan?
(gasps)
-Uh...
-(truck horn honks)
Don't worry.
I'll follow your orders and protect Mio.
But you're the only one
who can really protect her.
-I can only do so much.
-Huh?
I... I have no idea
what she's talking about!
Let's just go, Shin-chan!
SHINPEI: Okay.
(door shuts)
(engine revving)
(bird squawking)
Hey, it's open.
What in the hell?
Everything in our house is gone.
Our rooms are empty, too.
There's nothing left.
The desks, the closets,
the beds, everything.
Ms. Nagumo, anything?
Mm-mm.
There aren't any stains from people.
It looks like they only erased objects.
You think there was something
they didn't want us to see?
Thing is, it looks
like they erased everything.
HIZURU: I guess they must've had
to hide something,
but didn't know where it was.
-That's got to be it.
-Oh.
HIZURU: That's what I'm seeing.
(grunts)
This has to be my dad's doing!
That must be why he's not here!
Our mom's gone, too.
What the hell is happening?
-Shinpei!
-(grunts)
SOU: You felt a shadow there,
didn't you, Ushioh?
USHIOH: Mm-hm.
-(squishing)
-SHINPEI: Ow! Stop that!
-You're cutting off my circulation.
-(Ushioh whimpering)
What's wrong with you? Are you scared?
Yeah, of course, I'm scared!
Hospitals are so dark and creepy at night!
-Shh.
-I hear something.
(distant clanking)
No response. What's that sound?
SHINPEI: Is something blocking it
down in the basement?
(grunts)
HIZURU: Bullet holes.
-It looks like there was a fight here.
-Huh?
Be careful. I sense shadows below us.
What's in the basement?
TOKIKO: The morgue.
The morgue is down there?
TOKIKO: Don't worry. It's okay.
There's nothing except for Ushio's body.
Dad never cremated it, you know.
USHIOH: Oh. All right.
I guess it isn't scary if it's my body.
That's the issue?
The fact that you're afraid,
just shows
that your survival instincts are intact.
USHIOH: Oh.
HIZURU: Don't be embarrassed.
Shadows are a lot scarier than ghosts.
Brace yourselves.
(door clangs open)
(clanking)
That's our mom's wheelchair.
What's it doing here?
-Hm?
-USHIOH: Behind you!
-(gasps)
-(door slams)
SOU: Huh?
Did you see their face?
USHIOH: No.
(static)
(tense music)
-(Ushioh grunts)
-(thuds)
(gasps)
There's nothing here.
Uh...
-(clicks)
-SOU: What...
SHINPEI: Uh...
Seriously? I had no idea
this place was down here.
Look. It's gone.
SHINPEI: So Ushio's body was here?
Yeah. But Ushioh can fully recover
if she's able to scan the original, right?
(Shinpei quivering)
TOKIKO: I guess Dad thought it'd better
not to leave it here until tomorrow.
(quivering)
USHIOH: Want to restart?
No, let's keep going.
We need to find Sou's parents.
All right, then.
HIZURU: Tokiko, where does this go?
It leads straight to Hiruko's grotto.
USHIOH: There was an entrance here.
TOKIKO: We mostly use it to take meals
to Heine when she needs them.
But it's a different route
than the path from the old clinic.
I feel a subtle sense
of a shadow right here.
That shadow must've gone down
this way to escape.
It's really close.
It's right there, I can feel it.
(grunts)
Uh...
(whimpers)
(Dr. Hishigata choking)
(Dr. Hishigata coughs)
SOU: Mom, is that...
(choking)
SHINPEI: What the hell is this?
(Dr. Hishigata groaning)
Don't shoot! Please don't shoot her!
Can't you see?
She's about to kill your father!
(Dr. Hishigata choking)
Ushioh!
-(static)
-It's okay, Sou.
USHIOH: I'll bring her back.
(groaning)
-Huh?
-Father!
(Tokiko breathing sharply)
He's not breathing.
(whimpering)
(Tokiko grunting)
(grunts)
Ugh! Let me!
(Sou grunting)
SOU: Come on, Dad.
Come on, don't die on me!
I'm not gonna let you go
without explaining yourself!
Wake up, old man!
-(Sou grunts)
-(gasps)
(Dr. Hishigata coughing)
-(Sou panting)
-(Dr. Hishigata coughs)
Sou, is that you?
I've had enough of these secrets.
We're family, right?
How is Chitose... your mother?
I cut her link with Heine.
Don't worry, she'll wake up soon.
I never... never imagined...
(coughs)
...you would reach this point so quickly.
I guess Heine must've thought I'd talk
and tell you everything I know.
There's no point hiding it.
We can just copy your data
and we'll find out.
Tokiko, kill them all.
Dad, no!
DR. HISHIGATA: Kill them all!
If you kill them, I could be back
in Heine's good graces again.
No, Dad. You're wrong. You're dead wrong.
You should know,
they don't plan on keeping any promises.
DR. HISHIGATA: Hmm...
I'm disappointed in you, Tokiko.
HIZURU: Step back, Sou.
Your gun is too close.
(grunts)
(gunshot)
-(whimpers)
-(groans)
SHINPEI: Uh...
Hishigata...
(gunshot)
-(static)
-Huh? What...
(chuckles)
You...
Too bad for you.
You think they'll be okay?
I'm very worried about them.
TOKIKO: They've got Ushioh and Ms. Nagumo,
they can handle themselves.
Plus, they've got your shadow.
MIO: To be honest,
that's my biggest worry.
I still don't really trust that thing.
Tokiko, I'm kind of surprised
you let it copy you.
(chuckles)
When a shadow copies you,
it sees everything,
your body and your heart,
it reveals everything, you know?
Uh-huh.
Mio, I just really wanted you to know
every little part of me.
(gasps)
I can't believe you can say that
with a straight face, Tokiko!
(chuckles)
You know what? I'm done keeping secrets.
SHINPEI: Mioh.
So do you trust me
at least a little bit more now?
Yeah, I do, thanks.
Do you mean that?
If you don't believe that I trust you,
I'll let you copy me.
MIOH: I'm never going to do that.
The truth is, I don't want to know
what's in your heart.
(grunts)
-Sou.
-(Sou panting)
You shot Tokiko!
How the hell could you do that?
(groaning)
DR. HISHIGATA: Just kill me.
You old bastard!
You've been playing with people's lives!
Just kill me.
(Sou breathes heavily)
I thought you were a doctor.
You're a doctor!
How can you talk
about death like that, huh?
So you won't say anything? Fine, then.
(Sou sniffles)
Mioh, go ahead.
-(gasps)
-(flash clicks, squeals)
Hmm...
I can't copy him. I think he's immune.
(gasps)
Okay. Then he'll have to talk.
DR. HISHIGATA: Hold on.
That doesn't make sense!
What do you mean? Why can't you copy me?
Obviously, you already had a shadow self,
but it died and that's the end of it.
That's how people like you become immune,
and you can't be copied again.
That can't be... It's not...
So now I... I'll never have a shadow?
As long as I live?
That's exactly right.
Doctor...
DR. HISHIGATA: Chitose, what...
what did I do all of this for?
(gasps)
-Negoro, is that you?
-(Ushioh gasps)
(gasps)
Well, doctor, I think I will be
on my way out now.
SHADOW NEGORO: As you can see,
I certainly got what I came for.
(gunshots)
(gasps)
SHINPEI: She's out of range.
Shide wanted me to relay a message to you.
"We appreciate the help
the Hishigata family has provided.
But now, our relationship is over.
We wish you the best."
(gasps)
SHADOW NEGORO: And I also have
a message for Shinpei Ajiro.
"It seems you're still alive somehow.
And I'm fed up with your stubbornness.
But there's nothing you can do.
In two short days,
everything will come to an end."
-Ugh! Hey, wait, get back here!
-Ushioh!
(Ushioh gasps)
Don't go after it.
But why?
SHINPEI: Because it's carrying
your body with it, using it as bait.
The time limit is meant to provoke us.
If we go after her now, we're finished.
Come on, Shinpei. We can't just turn back.
That was the shadow we saw,
the one in the hall.
Try to calm down, Sis.
Shin-chan's got it worse than we do.
(gasps)
SHINPEI: Try not to let your feelings
get the best of you.
Step back for a minute,
and turn all your anger...
and all your regret into weapons.
(gasps)
Shinpei.
So, doctor, is there still a point
in keeping quiet?
DR. HISHIGATA: Get my daughter.
You need to bring me the real Tokiko.
-(groaning)
-(Dr. Hishigata gasps)
DR. HISHIGATA: Hey, are you awake?
Ah... Oh, uh, Sei.
SHADOW CHITOSE: Where... Where am I?
-(static)
-(gasps)
I gave Chitose all the same memories,
the ones that I showed you before.
-Oh.
-(sobbing)
I'm sorry, Chitose.
SHINPEI: Sou's mom didn't know.
She didn't realize she was a shadow.
She had no idea.
But actually, she was created that way.
DR. HISHIGATA: I know you're all
determined to stop the final ceremony,
but do you really think it makes sense
to kill Heine?
-SOU: What?
-What do you mean by that?
Well, if Heine dies,
all the shadows will, too.
DR. HISHIGATA: Think about it.
That means your Ushioh will die as well.
(Shinpei gasps)
Ushioh.
Oh, come on, it's fine!
I mean, I died two days ago, anyway.
USHIOH: Honestly, I'm lucky
I get to live a little longer.
I wanna use whatever time I have left
to finish this and help save everyone.
That's all.
Defeating Heine would solve everything,
wouldn't it?
Well, that's good news, then!
Because she doesn't stand
a chance against me!
SHINPEI: She's right.
I'm embarrassed that I hesitated at all.
Right?
Right.
Okay, doctor, what's Heine planning
after she gets revived?
It's really quite simple.
All she wants is to go back.
DR. HISHIGATA: To return
to the place she came from.
The depths of the ocean.
No living being from this world
can ever reach that terrible place,
but of course, shadows can.
Besides, Heine only wants to take shadows.
She'll only take the family
that she chose.
So, she could escape?
It's possible if she manages
to regain her power.
DR. HISHIGATA: That place exists
outside the constraints of time.
Chitose and I were going to
become shadows and live there forever.
Sou and Tokiko were supposed
to become shadows along with us.
That's why you though it was okay
to murder us both?
Are you crazy?
-(grunts)
-(gasps)
You old idiot! That's why you did this?
I can't believe you could be
so self-centered. You're hopeless.
I really don't know what to say.
Thank you for saving me.
I'll never forget that, Seido.
(whimpers)
Chitose.
But you know, we have to finish this.
Sou. Tokiko. I'm so glad
I got to see you both grow up.
-(both sobbing)
-SHADOW CHITOSE: At least for this long.
Chitose. Please no. If you die now,
I'll have no reason to live anymore.
Don't say that,
you have our children to live for, Seido.
You have the people on this island,
and they need you now more than ever.
Shinpei was right, you know,
this isn't finished yet.
You can still atone for your mistakes.
(Dr. Hishigata sobbing)
SHINPEI: What's in there?
(clicking)
(clanks)
DR. HISHIGATA: It's a collection
of the clinic's secret records.
Tokiko hid it for me.
Patients were diagnosed
with Capgras syndrome,
or the local disease
known as shadow sickness.
But in actuality, this is a list
of people that Heine consumed.
Shinpei, your parents' names
are on the list.
(gasps)
But I was told that my parents' boat sank
while they were at work.
The two of them discovered
Hiruko's grotto.
They were going to make it public.
That's why they were killed.
It looked like an accident.
DR. HISHIGATA: But Shide killed them,
and I switched the bodies.
I needed to feed Heine.
I'm so sorry.
What? That's all you have to say?
Who is Shide, really? You know, don't you?
DR. HISHIGATA:
Mm. Look at this photograph.
Shide is Heine's chief protector
and the very first child Heine ever had.
(gasps)
DR. HISHIGATA: His original name
was Shidehiko Hishigata...
(ominous music)
...the founder of the Hishigata Clinic
and its first director.